feat(auth): Add documentation for next step in auth (#2936)
aws-amplify/docs: docs/lib/auth/fragments/ios/signin_next_steps/40_confirm_new_password.md

> If you receive `confirmSignInWithNewPassword`, the next step is to provide a new password for the user. You should ask the user for a new password and invoke `confirmSignIn` api with the new password:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If the next step is `confirmSignInWithNewPassword`, Amplify Auth requires a new password for the user before they can proceed. Prompt the user for a new password and pass it to the `confirmSignIn` API.
```
